Personal Information:
He is a freshman at RMIT University VietNam. A little bit about his background, he graduated from Nguyen Thi Minh Khai high school in 2021 and decided to major in IT although his parents were doctors. All of this was inspired by his uncle, a senior software engineer who is living and working in Australia. Because he loves the IT world his hobbies do include coding, studying and analysing data. Beside that, he shares a big interest in playing basketball, football and other kinds of sports. A brief about his IT experience, he understands basic knowledge of Python, C++ language but he mostly uses SQL language at most in order to analyse sample data. Even though this is his first semester at RMIT, he has been passionate about the IT world and wants to become a Game Developer after graduating from University. As mentioned above, his career is to become Game Developer, to make and design a game that one day will be  one of the top 10 games of all time. 

Career Plan:
Although his parents wanted him to pursue the family tradition of being a doctor, he decided to choose IT as his main major in order to follow the dream of being a game developer. He chose RMIT as his first choice in preparation for a successful career and fulfilling his dream working at Riot, one of the largest companies specialised in game designing . For his study path, he will spend at least 2 years studying and mastering the common language such as Python, Css, HTML. His third year will be dedicated to studying more about physics and mathematics while completing all of the remaining courses because physics and mathematics are an important part of becoming a game developer. After graduation, he plans to work for a period of time in a small company to gain more experience . Eventually, he will move to Germany with his family so as to pursue a PhD degree in game design and start working on some of his own projects such as creating a FPS game that revives a historical period of Vietnamese soldiers in the VietNam war. If the project is successful, he will start a company and expand the project to become a AAA game.  He hopes that in the near future he can come back to RMIT and become a teacher so as to inspire the younger generation's motivation in the IT field.
