Personal Information:
    His name is Nhat, who is currently on the way to becoming a Machine Learning engineer. He graduated from a prestigious high school in Quang Ngai, which is in the central part of Viet Nam. Since he was a child, he was inspired by his older brother about electricity and automation technology. Becoming older, he was immersed in  Science subjects in general, and in Maths, Informatics in particular. And that finally leads him to realise his desire in the Information Technology industry, e.g the minor named Machine Learning. According to him, his motivation is not material gains, but is mainly his interest in calculating and working with data and machines. The huge ambition of becoming an AI expert reminds him to be more diligent and responsible with his study. He is a curious student who has passion in learning something new, such as new tools and technologies related to his minor, or even some digital designing courses. After hard and productive study days, he spends weekends playing chess and drawing to enjoy relaxing moments. The painting work also helps him have an aesthetic and creative view of things. With some fundamental knowledge of HTML/CSS and JavaScript, he is mainly in charge of designing the UI/UX of this project. He is also willing to inquire further into building database systems and other technologies if necessary.  

Career Plan:
    Having a clear plan motivates Nhat into achieving his goals in his career path more efficiently. In real life practice, becoming a professional Machine Learning engineer requires not only practical experience but also postgraduate education. That means he has to perform well at university,  quickly do practical remote projects, and constantly inquire further into advanced knowledge to get essential certificates. In the first year at university, We are accessing fundamental knowledge to have a general view of the IT field which is necessary for any aspiring computer experts. He intends to transfer to RMIT Melbourne, which gives him more opportunities to implement his core subjects. In addition, he also wants to work on projects beyond the university scope for more practical experience. All of this will give him many opportunities for me to work at large technology companies.
