Personal Information:
    His name is Nguyen Minh but others can call him Andrew optionally. His hometown is in Quy Nhon, Binh Dinh province and this is the very first year that he lives and studies on his own. He is a beginner in the IT field with few experiences in highschool with some basic experiences in Pascal, C++, Python, HTML and CSS in terms of coding; and some standard knowledge of computers as well as the IT field. His dream in life is to be able to be an expert AI engineer and be able to contribute his very own effort to create a human-like machine like Skynet in the well-known series Terminator. His hobbies are kinda similar to other regular IT students since he loves playing games (both video games and boardgames too), and reading books. He would like to read all kinds of books, from science fiction to romance, modern one to classic one. Dan Brown is his chosen writer and Harry Potter is the book that he loves. Especially, the one book that raised his interest in the IT field is “Digital Fortress” by Dan Brown. Aside from studying, he is also an enthusiastic activist for nature. He joined Green Generation Club before his first semester in RMIT and has attended a total of 5 events in only 2 sems, and he is a leader in 2 events. He has a great willingness to raise everyone's awareness about the environment around us and hopefully, he can do it in the near future.
    Minh got a HD (18/20) for the lab test 1 in Intro to IT although he thinks that he does not really deserve that high mark for now. He is now trying hard to accomplish the assignment 2 (the group project) and study for the Lab test 2 as well to prove to himself that he is worthy of that  mark. For this course as well as all other courses, he always wants to archive HD overall. 

Career Plan: 
    He has a dream career plan for himself, it is to study for about 8 years (2 and a half years in RMIT, about 3 for the master degree and the rest of them study while interning as a fresher). The RMIT one will ensure he has a stable and great background knowledge and experience in the IT field, and by achieving the master degree, he can have a considerable background in this particular field. Somes might say that in the IT field, studying more is not as good as having more work’s experience but personally, he thinks that the master degree will ensure him a greater position, and salary too. After that, he would like to apply for some big company’s projects to build, to develop or at least to debug and upgrade the system. By doing this, he will eventually have some full-time job’s  experience (although he might want to find some part time or something like that during his study). His dream position is to become an IT engineer in the AI field and as he has mentioned above, to build an AI system of his very own. So far, his career plan does not care much about money or salary, he just wants to fulfil his interest.


