Personal Information:
    Currently, she is a first-year student at RMIT University and her sID is s3938490. Even though Thanh Hoa is her hometown, she was born and raised in Ho Chi Minh City. When it comes to hobbies, she is interested in reading novels, watching movies and researching some useful technical information. Furthermore, due to the requirements in Vietnam’s educational system, she could also speak Vietnamese and English rather well. Many teachers and friends told her during high school that she was a great student who could pass all of her examinations with flying colours and take on a high level of responsibility in every work. However, she was quite concerned about her grades, despite the fact that she had prepared thoroughly beforehand, and as a result, she was usually anxious before the examinations. Her result in Informatics in high school was not very impressive, but she had given her all in order to increase her knowledge of the subject and become more engaged while studying. Her teacher needed her to develop a website from any template for the final exam in this subject, so she utilised Wordpress to assist her build the website quickly. Despite the fact that she is a shy girl who is constantly hesitant to try something new, she chose Information Technology major, which is unfamiliar to her. Thanks to the quarantine, she had more time to learn more about herself and her future job, allowing her to expand her expertise. She studied Pascal when she was in high school and Python by herself during a quarantine. Her ambition is to work as a Data Analyst for one of the Big Four corporations, enhancing her experiences and expertises that will enable her to advance her career. Last but not least,  a project that could help the development of the community such as eradicate illiteracy,
    
Career Plan:
To be honest, she had not considered pursuing Information Technology since she was a high school student; however, during the COVID-19 epidemic, many things became digital, bringing several benefits. As a result, she opted to pursue an IT major and a Data Analysis minor in particular for my future career. In the next few years at RMIT, she plans to join various clubs that are relevant to my needs, as well as expand her knowledge, experience, and abilities. During this time, she would participate in several competitions where she could meet a lot of individuals who would give their expertise and advice regarding her ideal career. Aside from that, lots of competition projects would be put in my curriculum vitae so that employers would be aware of my interests and abilities. In my third year, she would look for internships so that she could obtain real-world experience and prepare for a career as a Data Analyst after graduation.
