Personal Information:
He is an undergraduate first year student who has a passionate interest in studying IT and wants to specialise in cyber security. His hobbies include playing football and learning all about cyber security in accordance with his studies. He had managed to learn some IT security related topics like setting up a virtual machine and building a keylogger using Python . He doesn’t have much in terms of talent but he tries his best to achieve a good result. He also  doesn’t have much IT experience, however, he is eager to learn more in order to become proficient in IT. The reason why he chose IT to be his subject was because he had an ambition to become a good ethical hacker as he likes to learn how to exploit weakness and use that to help the world to be a better place by helping legitimate corporations to secure their websites and databases. 

Career Plan:
My career plan is simple but it is not going to be easy to achieve. I’ve always wanted to learn hacking and while the courses offer me good knowledge in IT and programming, i still need to be able to link them with cyber security topics which means that i will be spending a lot of time mastering the skills taught by the courses and then spend my free time learning more about cyber security to be able to hack. After graduating, I will do the CEH exam ( certified ethical hacking) to be eligible to do security contracts from companies. After that, with my new skills and experience, I’ll be able to expand my field to various different occupations such as working for security companies or becoming a security architect for corporations. I can also work on normal programming projects as you do need that expertise to become a hacker. A far-fetched idea would be getting military training and joining a private military company, combined that with hacking skills and IT knowledge, will give me an edge in that world. Overall, there are lots of opportunities for me if I achieve my goals and I am willing to do anything to reach it.
